

1)Write a program that reflects addition,subtraction,multiplication,division and modulus
division of two numbers.
Store the results of each operation in separete variables.
Use place holders in displaying the results.

2)Determine the output of the following code snippet...
print((5>2) and (8>3) and (6<9))
print((5>2) or (8>3) or (6<9))
print(not(8==8))


3)Write a python script to swap two numbers using and without using a temporary variable.

4)Accept a password from the user.
If the password entered by the user is "Python",then print "You are a valid user".
Else print "you are an intruder".(Use if-else)

5)Take 3 values and print the maximum and minimum of these three values.

6)Accept gender,qualification and age from the user.
If the gender is female and the age is less than or equal to 30,then provide some 
concession in the reservation depending on the qualification.

If the qualification is M.Tech,say that user that he will get 5000 rupees concession.
If the qualification is B.Tech,say that user that he will get 4000 rupees concession.
If the qualification is B.com,say that user that he will get 3000 rupees concession.
Other than these 3 qualifications,just give a concession of 1000 rupees.

Hint:
Use if-elif


7) Write a python script accept a string and count each vowel separately
8)Write a python script accept a string and reverse the string
9)Write a python script accept a string and a character and remove
the given character from string
10)Accept a string and remove vowels from string
11)Write a python script accept a string count no.of vowels,no.of consonanats,no.of digits and no.of special characters
12)Write a python script print multiples of 5 from 1 to 100
13)write a python script accept a number and find sum of digits of given number. eg : 456 => 4+5+6

14)Using for loop,print all the even nos. from 0 to 50.

15)Using for loop,print the following series
1 5 10 15 20 25

16)calculate the sum of first 10 natural numbers.

17)Using for loop,find the factorial of a number.

18)Using while loop,determine whether the number taken is amstrong or not.

19)Print febonicci series using while loop upto the number taken.

20)Using while loop,print the odd numbers from 100 to 1.

21)WAP Find max element without using max() function

22)WAP Find min element without using min() function

23)WAP Accept number and diplay its index without index() method

24)WAP accept a element and count total of no of occureneces
without count() method

26)WAP print above list elements in reverse order without
using reverse() method


27)WAP store all 1 digit numbers into one list and 2 digit numbers into another list and and 3 digit numbers into another list other remaining numbers into another list display


28)WAP Store even numbers into one list and odd numbers into another list


29)WAP program whatever elements length more than 5 characters.

30)WAP display only duplicate elements.

31)WAP display only non duplicate elements.


32)WAP take x list and y list non common elements and write into z list.(symmetric difference)

33)Using a function display the name,age,gender and the addresss of a user.

34)Create 4 reuable blocks, among which,the first block can add numbers for any no. of. times,the
second the block can subtract numbers for any no. of. times,the third block can multiply numbers for
any no. of. times and the fourth block can divide the numbers for any no. of. times.Pass the values to
the reusable blocks using "Pass by value technique".


35)Calculate the area of square the a number using call by value technique.Return the value to main

36)Calculate the perimeter of rectangle using call by value.Dont return value to main.
Functions.txt

37)Using a function display the name,age,gender and the addresss of a user.

38)Create 4 reuable blocks, among which,the first block can add numbers for any no. of. times,the
second the block can subtract numbers for any no. of. times,the third block can multiply numbers for
any no. of. times and the fourth block can divide the numbers for any no. of. times.Pass the values to
the reusable blocks using "Pass by value technique".


39)Calculate the area of square the a number using call by value technique.Return the value to main

40)Calculate the perimeter of rectangle using call by value.Dont return value to main.

